# Contributing to chartist-js

 - [Issues and Bugs](#issue)
 - [Submission Guidelines](#submit)
 - [Coding Conventions](#conventions)

## <a name="issue"></a> Found an Issue?

If you find a bug in the source code or a mistake in the documentation, you can help us by
submitting an issue to our [GitHub Repository][github]. Even better you can submit a Pull Request
with a fix.

## <a name="submit"></a> Submission Guidelines

If you are creating a Pull Request, fork the repository and make any changes on the `develop` branch.

### <a name="conventions"></a> Conventions

Check out the [Coding Style document](CODINGSTYLE.md)

### Grunt

We have three grunt tasks:

1. `grunt build` - Creates the distribution of the example / demo site which is used as visual development help of the charts but also serves as the documentation site / gh-pages.
2. `grunt serve` - Starts watch with livereload that is executing the same things as the site dist default task but for live development.
3. `grunt test` - Executes jasmine tests separately, although we have a very big lack of tests.
4. `grunt serve:dist` - Executes a dist and serves the directory statically in order to serve with the production example / demo site.

`libdist` should **not** be included in any Pull Requests. So please ensure that code is not being committed as part of the Pull Request.

### Documentation

- Everything is already in place and in the `sitedist` there is a `apidoc` folder generated by [JSDoc](http://usejsdoc.org/) generator. Always use proper JSDoc comments.
- The site documentation is built with [Assemble.io](http://assemble.io/). Generally a component based approach should be followed where there are already Handlebar partials / helpers in order to create whole sites based on components that can be specified by type and with their data in yaml files.
